---
wake up:
---

wake up: 2024-01-31T08:00:00
gym:
sleep:
pain a.m.: 5.5
pain p.m.:
week: "[[2024-W05]]"
Back Exercise:
---
#### Thoughts

And we began... 2 cans of beer in the office, bottle of wine with dinner and movie, a shot of mezcal for a good night sleep. 

Slept deep. Felt like deep quality sleep. 
Hard to wake up. Well it was hard to wake the day I did not drink too. 

Anyways, while head is okay - digestion system is certainly unhappy about last nights activities. 

I am less angry today. I am actually not angry today at all. 
Maybe my mornings are not angry at all it just meetings that trigger me. Emotional self regulation?

My brain is fully fixated on my back and inability to do things. 

I am an adult. I am an adult. 

**9:48 AM**
- on my walk to work I listened to spotify's free book - *The Metamorphosis, by Franz Kafka*
	- so refreshing... slow story development. internal conflict. society expectation and norms. 

- Stand up meeting
	- still no demo
	- Ben seems to be working on the same item for the past week, I am concerned about the deadline...
	- what to do with old unused UI (?) // Ravneet

- 1on1 with Gene
 	- Appreciated my diagrams & thinking
	- Hopefully this looked like a solid conversation to show how in control I can be

- Massive meeting
	- Unorganized
- Brandon + Aiste
	- Brought him to the page that I told to Gene
- Aiste + Marc
	- Expectations + get to know
	- has some swagger
- Aiste + Skyler
- Aiste + Vlad

**9:00 PM**

If something matters schedule. My day begins with some priorities, but other priorities overtakes.

Finished first section of *Metamorphosis, Franz Kafka* audiobook. What a beautiful writing. Short clear sentences. It's like you are watching a movie and camera slowly moves from one frame to another. Slow and focused. He writes a verb and one can see movement. So beautiful, calming, slow and insightful. 

I feel I was in a battle. My mind is still racing through tasks, strategies and inertia of today's meetings, conversations... What am I winning here? What am I achieving? What am I taking away? 

Projects projects projects....

Engineering Team
Illuminati Team
MY Team

Professional Development // MY Team
Product + Development relationship // Engineering Team
DevOps Upgrade // Engineering Team
HIPAA // Illuminati Team
Security + Privacy // Engineering + Illuminati

Data Team + LLM + Science Portal concepts


Work definitely takes over 100% of my life and I like it. It is okay. I am just very scared that it is a wrong choice. That I am trapped and getting caught up. That there is no space for Aiste. My imposter senses are triggered after I get home from these *days in the field*. 

We should come back and think what we are trying to achieve. 
Why are we doing certain things. 


-----
### Good day
- [x] <2,000 calories
- [x] 10,000 steps
- [ ] 30 minutes cardio session
- [ ] 3 Big Back exercises
- [x] 30 minute reading
- [x] TV Free
- [ ] Human connection - engage into something bigger than me
- [x] Clean

### Tasks

- [ ] Spring league numbers required #aiste #vta
- [ ] Finances #aiste
      - [x] balance abundance sheet
      - [ ] calculate January costs  
- [ ] Summarize a month


### MY Tasks

- [ ] Vanta Policies & Documentation
        -[ ] Needs a roadmap
- [x] Knowledge Platform Documentation
	- [ ] Get jekyll to run
	- [ ] Add instructions on documentation style
	- [ ] Incorporate Sagan's files
	- [ ] Transition JIRA documents
	- [ ] launch to the team
