---
wake up: 2024-10-13T07:00:00
movement: 
gym: "[[Workout Plan]]"
sleep: "8"
pain a.m.: 6
pain p.m.: 5
week: "[[2024-W02]]"
Back Exercise: true
---
[[journal/_daily/0011-01-31|Yesterday]] <-> [[journal/daily/0011-02-02|Tomorrow]]
[[Invalid date|Weekly summary]]
### Journal
#### Morning thoughts

**9:30 AM**
I wake up in the morning full of ideas & to do's. And then all of it just dwindles somewhere. Evaporates like a night's dream. Burns off like morning fog. 
Yesterday felt productive. I managed to focus and my comprehension of the project is coming together. 
Sure it took a long time, but I sure started in the wrong place. 

I finished reading the book *back health*, take away? ... 
Well number one, I need to review and make myself a plan, but ultimately:
* Less sitting more movement
* Strengthen core
I also ordered a book on how to get back to performing level. I feel I need to try to think small but think bigger. Tennis can be my game for a very long time, if I figure out how to stay healthy. 

Sober life. I struggled yesterday, not to have a bottle of wine and not to go for a beer with friends..
Stayed home. Did not complain. Looked for quiet first - reading a book and then played Super Mario Karts Delux 8. We even ventured out into youtube video's how to play it better. 

**12:54 PM**
went for a walk. Sunny, cold and very pleasant. Back if feeling alright. i am very aware of it. I am also very aware that i am out of control and take all and risk all when I do not know what is my goal and what am I doing. 
So alright opening up new chapter in Obsidian called *poker* - lets see what I can learn. Yeah yeah yeah, plenty of things I can be working towards at the moment. But I choose the game. 

#### End of day thoughts


-----
### Tasks 

#### Routine

- [ ] [[Wake up movement]] #health #daily
- [ ] Workout #health #daily 
- [ ] Read #health #2024Q1-A1 #daily

#### Today's tasks

- [ ] Finish SBoard
- [x] Take picture of clothings
- [ ] Work on resume
- [ ] Exercise & play