---
wake up: 2024-01-14T08:10:00
movement: 
gym: 
sleep: "8"
pain a.m.: 4
pain p.m.: 
week: "[[2024-W01]]"
Back Exercise: true
---
[[journal/_daily/0011-01-31|Yesterday]] <-> [[journal/daily/0011-02-02|Tomorrow]]
[[Invalid date|Weekly summary]]
### Journal
#### Morning thoughts
Back pain is odd today. It hurt in and felt stiff while in bed. But as I got out of bed, made sure not to bend and stretch it feels stiff but in a good sense. It just feels like something is holding it together. I will take it as a good sign. 

I just timed myself 7 minutes of writing. Getting distracted is a thing. 

Yesterday was pretty good. Spent all day playing. Playing poker, playing super mario karts. I almost wish today would be same and it might end up, however at the end of the day it is an escape and redirecting thoughts away from having a relaxing drink. How does it feel non drinking. I guess good. Hard to say - cause when you do not drink you forget how crappy you may feel the day after. All you can recall is how fun it feels to sip on drinks. How nice the buzz is. 

But it has been nice - we laugh more, we connect more. My energy is different. 
I still have trouble keeping my focus on priorities, like resume & applications, or self business. But I have that focus, i manage to knock off one or two things every day. 

This morning, because back feels better and because I am almost 2 weeks sober, I downloaded a bunch of different "habit" apps. The moment where you think you can take over the world. Become super fit. Super perfect. But really... One day at a time, is it not? 

I am a bit lost in terms what person I wanna be. I can hear myself say - be who you are. And that's fine, but I also think, that part of the fun is ability to change and become just a tad someone different. In my head it is easier to not drink, eat better, get on top of my tasks when I assume certain personality. It's easier to say - *I am a person who does X*. 

So what's for today. A bit of the same. I still want to play *super mario karts*, spent a few hours on online poker, go for a walk, take pictures. And if I can find diligence to sit down and work on *sounding board* and on my resume, that would make me very happy.  

#### End of day thoughts


-----
### Tasks 

#### Routine

- [ ] [[Wake up movement]] #health #daily
- [ ] Workout #health #daily 
- [ ] Read #health #2024Q1-A1 #daily

#### Today's tasks
- [ ] Super Mario Karts
- [ ] Poker 
- [ ] Walk
- [x] Submit photo 52 frames (what other pics do you want to take)
- [x] Cook dinner
- [ ] make meal plan for the next 4 days
- [ ] read through article Tim sent
- [ ] read through some of the Sunday Newsletters