---
wake up: 2024-02-09T06:00:00
gym: 
sleep: 
pain a.m.: 7
pain p.m.: 
week: "[[2024-W06]]"
Back Exercise:
---

#### Newsletters


### All of the below could be helpful to illuminati team

-> Reverse Brainstorm:
Problem: how migh we increase customer satisfaction?
Anti-problem: how might we increase customer dissatisfaction?

-> Rose, Thorn, Bud - apply it in my 1on1 next week.
-> Priority mapping 
-> “What one thing could I do better next time?”
-> What can you do today that would initially feel awkward?



#### Thoughts

It's a hard month. 
It's a heavy month of everyone around. 

I thought the other day about the law of attraction and how one creates their own reality. And if it is my reality at the moment then.. then it is a hard month. 
We will get through. This is not the first time. But why all that pain, all that struggle. Growth? Learning? To what end? Is creativity really torture. Is learning always have to be a struggle. I thought success is the best teacher or is success just all luck? 

It is all too hard to put into a story. To put into the words. I still do not know if I am able to tell story of any of the struggles that i had? 
Maybe I am just not able to tell a story? 

*10:54 PM*
If just for a moment we pretend that nothing exist. That we are starting a new. That everything is nothing. That this moment is just that a moment. Naked body in a building across the street. A random traffic sounds in the air. A header making ghost sounds. Everything is. It just is. Nothign more, nothing less. Not to give, not to take. 

Can we start over?

Hey. I am Aiste. Can I help you build this up? 

*11:04 AM*
I want to talk this through. 
I am anxious. I am not happy that Vil & Taryn are having huge fights on their date nights. I do not know the details and reasons. But I am scared that they will have to go through the divorce. Well cause my brain just goes there. 

When I was a kid and mom and dad fight, i would have to imagine that scenario to protect myself from surprise. I still do not like surprises. I want people to be happy, smile and laugh and enjoy life. 

I also want to go and fix them, but I know it is not my monkey it is not my business. They are both wonderful human beings, if love is there they will sort it out. It's not my business. I need to make our relationship happy and fun and prosperous. 

-----
### Tasks 

*Copying this from Tuesday*

- Finance + Budget // 1.5 hour
		- Newsletters // 2 hours
- Organize Obsidian tasks // 1 hour
- Find the source of passive income // 2 hours
- Launch that source of passing income // 4 hours
- Spring league application to fill #vta
- Mind & Body requirements + proposal #vta
