Pain average: 2, 4, 2, 1, 3, 2, 7 = 3+
Notes: The pain is certainly there restricting movement. It certainly less debilitating, giving me hope of soon full recovery. This that clearly really helped this week was gym + massage session on Saturday. 

### Notes from last week
- Hanging out with Lindsay
- Happy Birthday grandma
- Interview with Councillor
- Drinking less but frequently
- How can I step a side and let team perform while still creating value and providing support to maintain respect from the team. 
- Tennis against the wall
- Frustration with lack of collaboration
- Frustration with Mai's performance
- Community Connection Hour workshop with only 4 people
- Quality 1on1 with: Skyler, Erick, Windy, Ben
- 2 pilates sessions
- 2 gym sessions
- 1 massage
- Picked up Matt after procedure
### Celebrate Wins  (60s)
- 1/1 Conversation with Skyler & Erick
- Tennis against the wall
- Pain threshold dropping to 3.2.- need to re-evaluate scale
- Pushed P&S strategy draft
- Interview with Shelley
- Time with Lindsay
### Address Losses or Weaknesses  (60s)
- Drinking - but it did not interfere. 
- Inability to focus or get to work for deep work
- No cardio - no will power. Doing what I can and aiming for gym time which really helps.
- Missed 52 frames - third week in a row.
- What are losses or Weaknesses
	- How do I get people to pay attention to the work that I do?

### Note “Coulda, Woulda, Shoulda” tasks (60s)
* Could launched Sounding Board newsletter or at least wrote strategy (repeat)
* Shoulda have less meetings and more deep work time
* Shoulda utilize more time away from TV Screen & couch
* Shoulda had 2 cardio sessions for heart & brain health
* Shoulda read more
* Shoulda write more (though I wrote more but not very productive)
* Should worked on Big Block things... 

### Create goals for next week (60s)
- Proactive vs. reactive
- Produce artifacts and gather feedback
- Be creative

### Summarize it all in 1 sentence
It is a short week, but the intention for the week is enjoy work and find more joy in everyday.