Pain average: 
Notes: I think average is quite fair assessment. Monday's 4 was certainly given at the end of the day after Maria's appointment. And does not reflect reality. Pain of 7 may be a bit more than it felt, but than some moment 5.5 is not accurate throughout the day. But yes average of 6ish is about right. 

### Notes from last week
- Drinking
- Gym
- Sunshine coast - sauna & conversations
- Hanging out with Aary + Sabrina
- Hanging out with Sara + Rachel
- Hanging out with Thomas + Ilona
- Hanging out with Benny + Joe
- Chat with Morgan - and how she read promotion email
- 
### Celebrate Wins  (60s)
- Hanging out with Abby - this is always a highlight
- Happy mom on her birthday
- Started *Surfacing* by Margaret Atwood
- Started IDEO U course on Writing for Impact and commented on numerous of contributions
- Started building urgency for Privacy & Security

### Address Losses or Weaknesses  (60s)
- Drinking - inertia. No strategy. 
- No cardio - no will power. Doing what I can and aiming for gym time which really helps. Maybe a bit of focus on fat loss could help.
- Missed 52 frames - second week in a row.

### Note “Coulda, Woulda, Shoulda” tasks (60s)
* Could launched Sounding Board newsletter or at least wrote strategy
* Shoulda have less meetings and more deep work time
* Shoulda utilize more time away from TV Screen & coach
* Shoulda done more workouts

### Create goals for next week (60s)
There is numerous thoughts. I think finding time for team work and producing at the very least 6-pager drafts on Security + Privacy draft, Engineering team strategy, Sounding board strategy. Getting daily workouts, no more than 2 days drinking.

### Summarize it all in 1 sentence
Last week was about having space from work. Chewing on, or floating in a universe trying to figure out where I want to land. Good social time. Less pain - which is very motivating and encorouging. 