---
wake up: 2024-03-19T06:00:00
pain: "4"
pain log: It feels like nerve and not structural thing. It was more sensitive than before to pull my right leg forward when I was sleeping on the left side. But again this feels manageable
week: 2024-W12
Back Exercise:
---
#### Thoughts

What do I talk about today. 
Yesterday was quite good day. I am happy I got myself off the couch, away from keyboard and tennis racket in hand. I am glad I did not restrict myself with the timeline of dinner and did a gym session. I am happy I did not get frustrated with gym session and rooms being busy and equipment taken and managed to get in as much as I did. 

I walked to the court frustrated. The way that Ash is working is just seems immature. I am empathizing with him, but he is going wrong direction. Does he really have blind spot? I do not know how to help him, if he is not asking for my help. Maybe that is the point do not. But then I am just bitching. Let's wait for people to reach out. If I need nothing from them, lets wait for them to reach out. Stop stepping outside your area of responsibilities. *Stay calm, focused, be happy you can focus and do deep work.* 

I am reading Surfacing, by Margaret Atwood and the writing is just so so so good. It feels good. It's like gently but firm touch. Like music. It actually feels a bit like sex. Very sensual, very internal, very intentional, very empathetic. 

I feel good. I feel energetic. I want to feel strong and confident, but I am going through motions slowly.

I am still visualizing myself as a person who is a writer. I do not know how to be one. And I do not dare to start. But I just know I should be doing that. Writing. 



-----
### Tasks 

## Weekly Projects 

- 6-Pager for Privacy + Security strategy + goals + milestones
- 2x IDEO U Assignments
- 6-Pager for Engineering team strategy + goals + milestones
- 6-Pager on Director of Engineering role
- 6-Pager for Sounding Board strategy + goals + milestones
- 52Frames photography: Reflection + Road + *this week's task*

- 1/3x gym sessions
- 2x 30 min cardio workouts
- 7x 3 Big Back Exercises
- 1x Cold water dunk

## Today's Projects
- ~~Respond to Haiyan - with access: 30 minutes~~
- ~~Test application release features: 2 hour~~

- Finish access that Alan asked for: 30 minutes
- Share with Joe draft Privacy + Security strategy + goals + milestones 4 hours. 
- Draw IaC roadmap - 30 - 60 minutes?

- IDEO U Assignments & Homework - 2 hours

- Organize Bathroom drawers - 20 minutes

##### New ideas
* 5-6 hour course on SAML: https://owaspsamm.thinkific.com/courses/take/samm/lessons/46847522-welcome-to-samm-fundamentals
* Read through Terry Report to understand it
