---
wake up: 2024-01-25T07:00:00
gym: 
sleep: 
pain a.m.: 7
pain p.m.: 
week: "[[2024-W04]]"
Back Exercise: true
---
#### Thoughts
*8:10 AM*
We try. We try. We try. 
No TV last night. Very very nice. Very wholesome. I prefer that. I certainly prefer that. 

I oddly have nothing to say. 
Slow morning. Walked the dog. Pissing rain outside and cold so not a long walk, but still got outside. 
Sipping on smoothie and cup of tea with and honey.
Sitting on my living room floor typing out this. 
Music in the background, very calm, very cozy. 
Just like I wanted it. 

Genuinely nothing to say, or is it just something you do not want to talk about. 
Maybe latter. Maybe latter. 

I just feel a bit trapped and very disappointed in myself. 
Spontaneity. Energy. Movement. 
There is must be lesson. 

Song in the background - *You are trying to be someone that you are not.*

Did you lose a sense of abundance? Where is that restlessness coming? 
What do you mean where it is coming from?... Physical pain. Lack of movement. Lack of physical expression. 

So many 1on1 meetings with team. For a second I do not feel energized about them. 
Then it is okay. Let them go. Get selfish. 
Selfish... Is that not the path to isolation and more unhappiness.
But maybe you just need to recharge... Recharge. Need to find the source of energy to recharge and I am feeling empty. 
I am just going to focus on the list below and just go through actions with home, that sometimes I am not the best decision maker. 

This gloom of nearing death is scaring me. 
The pointlessness of everything I do seems very present. 
I need therapy?

-----
### Tasks 

And how do you feel after this?

- [x] 2,000 calorie day - of nutritious intake
	- Smoothie + tea
	- cookies + mandarins
	- coffee + tea
	- 3 small non-alcoholic corona's
	- sushi
	- burger with salads
*Probably beyond 2000 calories, but felt more controlled*
1) Deep dive into a topic with a productive outcome prompting to action or content to share
- [x] 45 - 60 minutes cardio session
	- 30 min elliptical in a super busy gym. Less but better than non.
- 10,000 steps 
	- failed on this one. Weather horrible
- [x] Connection with human
	- Talked to Mom
- Reading of non-fiction
	- Again, not ideal not perfect and probably even not a check off - but I read Russel Brand book in the morning. 