---
wake up: 2024-01-28T08:20:00
gym: 
sleep: 
pain a.m.: 7
pain p.m.: 
week: "[[2024-W04]]"
Back Exercise: true
---
#### Thoughts

I drank wine today. 
Yesterday I resisted as it was a bad mood, bad motivation, wrong circumstances.
Today - with everything being happier - with cheese and bread on the table, with olives and butter.... dear god the combo tasted great. 
Headache & tired is certainly there not to argue. 
Even drinking pleasure is not really what I expected.
Certainly overate calories today.
And it's okay. 
I do not need to drink or overeat tomorrow. Today was happy. Less pain day.

p.s. I may like this green/black theme for a moment... 

Why was it less pain? Started morning with 2 advils's and 2 tylenols. 20 minute walk out of bed. then long walk after lunch. 
Those were the major changes. 
Flipping in bed last night, still fell painful. I do this odd thing where I turn to the other side, and i sort of need to execute some push back that triggers later effort on my hips. And that feels incredibly painful.






-----
### Tasks 

- Non-fiction read - find a good book and just get lost in it for couple of hours
- [x] Bread tour? 
	- This was a blast ~2 hour walk from China town to East Van and back
	- Bakeries... mm.. a bit disappointing but it was so nice to wonder with vague purpose
- Sounding board launch content
	- Write: LinkedIn post
	- Check for email automation
	- See where else to post
- Launch MY documentation with Amplify & static generated 
	- Certainly worked on this. Edited some content. Developed more ideas. Testing out *hugo* as static site generator but need to read more about it. certainly not today. 