---
wake up: 2024-02-12T05:28:00
gym: 
sleep: 
pain a.m.: 5
pain p.m.: 
week: "[[2024-W07 - Review !]]"
Back Exercise: true
---
#### Thoughts

So many thoughts. 

Morning started beautifully. Though a bit jarred wake up to realize I may be late for my Pilates session. But walk in the rain uphill got the blood moving and the session itself was challenging but doable and i feel fresh and strong, even though still a bit broken. I continue to explore my body and mapout what are internal shifts causing the pain. And I also believe that all the work I am putting in at the moment will be paying dividends soon. Staying focused. Getting stronger is *my tennis* at the moment. 

No, not enough time in the day. And then question remains if I am using that time where it should go. 
All these check-in meetings? Documentation and CI/CD writing. Is that where my effort needs to go. 
Why am I doing it? 

I realize that I start my every morning with a bunch of same questions. But that's what focuses me. That's how I can go through the day asking same questions.

If it gets lost somewhere in between I just wanted to bring back a few key points that arose from hanging out with Bill yesterday:

- who is there to challenge your plan and your ideas?
- how do you prepare the questions to ask when going through report
	- evaluate risks, over optimistic / over pesimistic, inconsistencies


Bill said - he is really good at Risk assessments, Governance and Strategy. Those are the big words that I genuinely try to navigate away from. However I have a sense I need to pick it up, and put this jacket on to try. 


**10:41 AM**
Great DevSync / Bold Build Brief meeting. 
Lots of work going on. Lots of good questions and concerns raised. 

It feels big. Not sure how to fit into one hour with data team listening in too... 

**12:18 PM**

Reviewing Third Party Management Policy - I am stuck with practical implementations. We do not do certain things at the moment.

**9:55 PM**
I want to spend nights drinking wine / whiskey makind dreams real without worries of tomorrow's commitments. 

What would we talk about today?
Ilma -> she is going through personal experiences. she is still self focused. she is still not creating for creating for greater good beyond mailerlite.
Ehm.. sure. Me -> stop drinking. stop drinking. but...


-----
### Tasks

- [ ] Review tasks list and get organized #my #aiste
- [x] Review Security & Privacy Report #my #aiste
- [ ] Review documentation that team prepared for this sprint #my #aiste
- [ ] Validate features from this year and take notes #my #aiste
- [ ] Think how to launch QOD
- [ ] Review OKRs

 
