---
wake up: 2024-01-02T05:45:00
movement: true
gym: 
sleep: "7.5"
pain a.m.: 7
pain p.m.: 7
week: "[[2024-W01]]"
---
[[journal/_daily/2024-01-01|Yesterday]] <-> [[journal/daily/2024-01-03|Tomorrow]]
[[Tue Jan 02 2024 00:00:00 GMT-0800|Weekly summary]]

### Journal

#### Morning thoughts
I struggle how to start the day. Am I the person that jumps out of bed, makes coffee and goes for a run or am I a person who wakes up, makes coffee and writes. Does the day change as it gets lighter? 
What helps me get the most of my day?

I think a few experiments are worth running. 

I woke up with #back-pain. Stiffness. It kinda feels like I have a rod in my lower back and it bends forwards, bows when I try to sit up so my hips and quads need to work that much harder to lift my upper body. Sure I roll on my side and push up. It all still feels just a tad too difficult. Not normal. Weakness.

I got out of bed and started with a little [[Wake up movement]].

When done pain was at 5, but still everything is just stiff, tight and sensitive.
Goal for to day is to continue moving. ==**Improving physical conditioning in January is goal number 1.**==

After this little movement routine that took 15-20 min. I showered, made coffee & now writing some thoughts

My initial reaction after waking up is to start working immediately. I immediately wanna head to the office and start cracking, but I want to change that a bit. For the purpose of making days more productive, I want to give myself space in the morning for my priorities. Movement & workout, though somehow that feels too hard, maybe because I do not have a plan.

7:30 am Keep myself and my goals as a priority. Make observations how I am showing up. I want to finish today feeling accomplished and powerful and excited for another day.

Just had a wave of anxiety - remembering how small and insignificant we all are. How big and glorious the nature is. 

---
### Tasks 

- [x] VTA Meeting #vta
	- [x] Prepare tournament content #vta
- [x] BoldBuild Meeting #my
	- [x] Prepare slides #my
- [x] Check finances #finances
- [ ] !! [[Review JIRA]] #my #aiste
- [ ] Calendar review #my #aiste
- [x] Respond to Tyler #my
- [x] Complete landing page #sboard #2024Q1-B1
- [x] [[Wake up movement]] #health 
- [ ] Make workout plan #daily
	- [ ] Workout #health #2024Q1-A2 #daily
- [x] Read - Back health #health #2024Q1-A1
- [ ] Write - an opinion on an article #2024Q1-B2 #daily
- [x] 52Frames photo project #photography #2024Q1-C1