---
wake up: 2024-03-25T09:17:00
pain: "3"
pain log: Stiffness is there, though I curled up out of bed with quite ease at 5 am..
week: W13
Back Exercise:
---
#### Thoughts

**4:27 PM**
It's a shit day. 
Anxiety for work started last night. 
I pulled myself together to get through *team meeting* and then meeting with *kobalt*.

It's like another person pops in. 
There is me scrolling through social media with my head under the blanket, and then me hitting 'join' button on google hangouts.
Maybe it will be the moment... Maybe it is getting close...

I still remember the morning. It's 530am. Dark. Rainy. Air fresh and rather pleasant. I am sitting waiting for the bus. There is store lights across the street. *I cannot do this anymore. I cannot do this.*

And then there are people. There are faces. There is light. There is music. 
There is structure. There is purpose. I get through that hour. I smile, I make jokes. I get through it. 
I come home. I crash face down into my bed, that is still full of unfolded laundry. There is wine bottle next to my bed. 

I hid it worse than I thought. I got a card next day - *hoping I will feel better soon.* I knew I was find out. I knew that inside out tights and shirt gave away the morning struggle. Struggle was not getting up at 5 am. Struggle was not entertaining people at 630am in the morning. It was not the hangover from night before. 

I was just done. I was empty. I had no *why*. 
I am fine. Today I am just empty. Or maybe *I am too full*. 

All is good. I just need to jump off to have more power to jump up. 
Today I will let myself fall. It is okay. 

**5:03 PM**
I spent an hour with Lindsay yesterday having a coaching session.
More than anything we were talking about me. About how I feel. How insignificant I feel. How I feel that I am just *pretending* to do the work. I do not think I am doing the work, that anyone cares. I keep wanting feedback. Wanting for someone to validate me. And when they do.. Well I do not trust them. 

I say that all the time to "my" people - *know what you want* . You need to know what you want to achieve. The flip side of this coin is that I need to know what I want to be. 

So,*Aiste*, who are you? Who are you?

-----
### Tasks 

### W13 priorities

* 5-6 hour course on SAML: https://owaspsamm.thinkific.com/courses/take/samm/lessons/46847522-welcome-to-samm-fundamentals
* Read through Terry Report to understand it
* #molecular-you DevOps Timeline
* #money submit expenses for coffee + coveralls
- #money submit expenses for physio
- #my Organize MY Passwords & bookmarks across all devices
- Dive - how is PenTest done?

- Read [Canada's National CyberSecurity Strategy](https://www.publicsafety.gc.ca/cnt/rsrcs/pblctns/ntnl-cbr-scrt-strtg/ntnl-cbr-scrt-strtg-en.pdf)

- 6-Pager for Privacy + Security strategy + goals + milestones
- 2x IDEO U Assignments
- 6-Pager for Leadership legacy

- 52Frames photography: Reflection + Road + Chaos + *this week's task*
- Draw IaC roadmap - 30 - 60 minutes?
- Gap Assessment: 
	- HIPAA, 
	- NIST CSF, 
	- Privacy by Design
- Approve Carin's writing
- Approve Windy's writing
- Think about this writing exercise....
- Production
	- Fix map
	- Try to delete clients again
- 2/3x gym sessions
- 2x 30 min cardio workouts
- 2/7x 3 Big Back Exercises
- 1x Cold water dunk
- Finishing: Surfacing by Margarett Attwood