---
wake up: 2024-01-08T06:00:00
movement: 
gym: 
sleep: "6.5"
pain a.m.: 6
pain p.m.: 5
week: "[[2024-W02]]"
Back Exercise: true
---
[[journal/_daily/0011-01-31|Yesterday]] <-> [[journal/daily/0011-02-02|Tomorrow]]
[[Invalid date|Weekly summary]]
### Journal
**#### Morning thoughts**

6:45 am 
Starting morning slow. Browsed internets for inspiration on photography technique that I could experiment with this week. I think I should give this week an evening or a weekend day to play with it. There is a part of me hurts for not having camera on me. On the other hand it is not an excuse.

Starting morning slow. Had a cup of tea and 15 min read of the book in bed. I like when Rachel leaves house early. It gives me that moment of quiet for me to warm up. 

Warm up... My thoughts are circling around the upcoming team sync up meeting and what should I say, what should I emphasize, what should i ask, what should I learn about it. And then all the thoughts on what I am behind with cleaning JIRA board, why I am behind with getting other things organized. How does my time getting stolen on other tasks?

If last week - I tried to start new things, lets this week wrap up on those items. 

And what if you finish them? **I hope I will feel lighter and more accomplished.** 

It is a cold morning. Walk will be good. 

#### End of day thoughts

Felt like a pretty good day.
Conversation with Ilma, felt a bit stiff. I am kinda starting to feel pressure to have something interesting to suggest a push. 
Now on a second thought maybe not a bad idea. I need to learn to communicate, to find right words, to think on my feet. 

Day felt good - I focused and got a few things done. Like organized JIRA boards, pretty happy with it. Is it of any use to anyone though?... 

Cooked dinner. Taking a break after work feels good. Actually feels good. 

Now I need to think of what to move forward next

-----
### Tasks 

#### Routine

- [ ] [[Wake up movement]] #health #daily
- [ ] Workout #health #daily 
- [ ] Back exercises #daily
- [ ] Read: #daily
	- [x] 15 min. Brene Brown - Dare to lead #daily

#### Today's tasks
