---
wake up: 2024-03-14T06:48:00
pain: "6"
pain log: 
week: 2024-W10
Back Exercise:
---
#### Thoughts

Today I am going to take everything slow. 
Debug & unblock Andrew; 
Fix Xukun's VPN. 
Give Erick access to AWS account. 
Release mobile app removing 90 day countdown. 
Get Matt's offer + approved.
Get Nova license. 
Vendor QC sign-off error. 
Delete users that requested. 
Do the release. 
Remove DevOps group from Main account
Help Matt add Route53 domains

What annoys me? 
The bugs coming to me...
The VPN fix coming to me...

The rest is I think okay. 

How do we get rid of those I cannot access my providers/admin/client portal requests. 
Do we need better visibility in what is going on? 

Does team have the right attitude on this? 


---

Great hangout with Aary and Sabrina. 
Too much beer/wine, but good conversations. 
Tackling personal, professional, team management things. 

I tried to bring up Sounding Board and how I am not entirely sure how to progress. They suggested organizing a *MeetUp*

I asked what is their next milestones:
- Aary to transition maybe into gaming industry, he is super passionate about UI
- Sabrina renovation of her house
What problems / challenges they are overcoming right now?
- Sabrina: Performance
- Aary: how to get higher quality and alignment on Dev team


-----
### Tasks 

- [x] Fix Xukun's VPN
- [ ] Add PDF download on Mobile

- [ ] Change all admin to myhi.it@molecularyou.com
- [ ] Change GoogleMaps APIs to myhi.it@molecularyou.com
- [ ] Disconnect admin accounts from aiste.ulozaite@molecularyou.com
- [ ] Make sure that all links that I click on this computer opens up properly

Waiting:
- [x] ~~Email~~ -> ~~Purchase Nova license for Skyler~~
- [ ] Waiting Erick's PR to go in -> Delete users that requested it for Alan