---
wake up: 2024-01-24T06:10:00
gym: 
sleep: 
pain a.m.: 7.5
pain p.m.: 
week: "[[2024-W04]]"
Back Exercise:
---
#### Thoughts

8:10 AM
I am sometimes very confused about time continuum. I sat down to journal at 7:30 am. Then decided to do a few Code Reviews and answer a few slack messages. I lift my eyes and it is 7:47 am... Then a few messages come through and I am at 8:07 am. Then I edit my calendar to make sure I attend Sprint team meeting and it seems like it took forever to get organized, but it only took 2 minutes very bizarre.

I took personal day off yesterday, with hope to visit spa and restore my back. 
Instead I had lunch with Lindsay, physio session, unsuccessful visit to the spa (booked up. I should have booked in advance), cooked burgers for dinner (💪) and watch endless television of things that does not interest me, ate cookies with extra butter. 

I am in a better state (no angry) this morning than I was on Monday or even yesterday. I knew that I just needed to push through frustration and sometimes talking things out or sharing is not necessary the best approach. 

Yes, I do get a feeling that my stories are boring and people do not listen so I rush through them. Should I slow down? Or is it their duty to care for me and stay and listen. Probably a combination of both. 

I still do not have a workout plan. I want to fit & healthy, but I still do not have a plan on how to manage my eating compulsion, and where does exercise fit into it all.

I have 7 days to launch landing page, launch newsletter and 20+ subscribers, submit job application and apply to conferences, figure out metric system and finish finance course. All seemingly a lot. But I have a week with weekend with no plans in between, seems something that is doable if I can maintain my focus and get Rachel's buy in. I do not know why is it so easy to land on the couch instead of going to the gym for a cardio session. I do not know why is it so much easier to turn on TV, then to step into the home office and spend an our listing all the potential opportunities. Motivation? Habit? Stamina? 
Again and again and again, i feel so much better when we do not turn on our TV, when I spend time reading and learning, exercising and interacting with people. Staying sober should be complimented with something positive. 

How would you do your day ideally? 

Well I would like day to have certain "non-negotiables":

1) 2,000 calorie day - of nutritious intake
2) Deep dive into a topic with a productive outcome prompting to action or content to share
3) 45 - 60 minutes cardio session
4) 10,000 steps 
5) Connection with human
6) Reading of non-fiction

And from there through out the week to have - creative time, study time, reflection time, recovery & self-care time, exploration time. 

If I can push out social media of my habits list. And I can push out TV from my habits list, I think I would be quite content. 
Maybe push out is a wrong word, but ultimately I want to redirect that "dead" energy into something productive and positive. 

But how do I recover. 
Letting your brain fall into an abyss of nothingness is not a solution for recovery. I feel more tired today, than on the days where I was building things. 

I finding myself in moment where I am terrified of the future and where I have a feeling of being trapped and doing same things - same things over and over again. Allowing myself to be trapped in work. Getting lost in work. Work seems to be the only place where I can validate my self worth. That's the anchor, when it is supposed to be a tool, for growth, development, impact and contribution to the word. It should just be a channel to express my being. Just one of the channels to express my being. 

If the idea of 9-5 does not exist and I am free to choose my own working hours and tasks, projects, efforts. Where would it fall? What would be the pace of all the work. 

Thoughts are again running ahead of me, just to be forgotten with no actionable effort or experiment set. Just a laundry centrifuge. 

A memory of Aly keeps popping up, how much she would fit into her day. A thought in times where Tim lived in Vancouver, and we all found time for dinner, sauna, workouts. Is it really energy thing?

Is it pain management thing? Is it settling in. Funny... Settling in. Feeling insecure and a prisoner of my own choices does not sound like settling in.... 

*Why evenings are not spent creating new things in the office space*

It does not feel like a warm & cozy place. It does not feel comfortable. 
It feels like back pain. Though it is couch - that is causing me back pain. 
The entire attitude needs to shift. I need to make that room - cozier, warmer, more creative space. 
I think I like feeling connected to the world (having Rachel in my space) when I work. And that room - sort of does not allow of it. I wonder how we can change that.

**3:26 AM**

Great lunch with Joe. Covered topics from big organizational projects. Feedback for each other. He encouraged me to stay engaged with organizations business decision and direction. While tech is important - understanding the full business scale will help me grow. 

We dove deeper into *sr. product manager* role and how we want to progress professional development. 
My questions to him was - why do people think they deserve that role. With 2 years of experience, no managing budget and delivering on actual metrics, there is no way to grow into that role. 


-----
### Tasks 

- [ ] Habit changes - what needs to happen to create system to support better approach (?)
- [ ] Do more writing on important topics
- [ ] Work on my Objectives for January