---
wake up: 2024-01-15T07:10:00
movement: 
gym: 
sleep: "6"
pain a.m.: 4
pain p.m.: 5
week: "[[2024-W01]]"
Back Exercise: true
---
[[journal/_daily/0011-01-31|Yesterday]] <-> [[journal/daily/0011-02-02|Tomorrow]]
[[Invalid date|Weekly summary]]
### Journal
#### Morning thoughts
Very focused on my neck feeling worse than in many weeks prior. 
I assume it is related to the gym work - chest press, back row, tricep kickbacks. Not sure if it all of the exercises or a specific - I just know that Kendall won't be able to help me on that. Her lack of confidence and multiple tools changes makes me doubt of her knowing what she does. Also my back issue and bending... I am not convinced. 
I am surprised that nobody is actually paying attention to my left tricep weakness even though that directly relates to C7 pinched nerve. 
I will continue with back hygiene and *3 big* exercises to see improvement. And will dig deeper to figure out the neck/arm/nerve situation. 

Too many thoughts about work. Too many thoughts about relationship. All of the thoughts and to-dos just running through my head. Slow dow. Slow down. Nothing is worth such speed. 

Listened to a great podcast by [[Ezra Klein]] yesterday about - Taste, aesthetics, curation and how does algorithms and internet fits into all of this. 

**Initial thoughts:** 
- Very much can relate to the joy of "unplugging" and allowing experience to overflow me, weekend may have been a good example just diving deep into *super mario karts*, but I guess more like reading, watching movie in a movie theatre. 
- How about discovery - I do not experience spotify's algorithm.... - i have not discovered anyone new, but I am completely ignorant on that... - i have my favourites. 
- I need to look up book recommendations on his show, they sound interesting. 

Commitment for this week is to stay away not only from drinks, but from instagram and youtube. To see if I can get my mojo back. If i can get to experience of that joy of reading or going to a movie theatre or writing. 

Work today - 
- lots of minor admin tasks
- Hipaa
- DevOps
#### End of day thoughts
Finished day early and had a very nice walk home with hope to do things and then.... and then I got caught up in Housewives of Beverley Hills... and maybe an episode would have been enough, but when company joins... Neah, not to blame anyone else, but fuck... come on.

-----
### Tasks 

#### Routine

- [ ] [[Wake up movement]] #health #daily
- [ ] Workout #health #daily 
- [ ] Read #health #2024Q1-A1 #daily

#### Today's tasks
