---
wake up: 2004-01-04T05:55:00
movement: true
gym: 
sleep: "7"
pain a.m.: 6.5
pain p.m.: 
week: "[[2024-W01]]"
Back Exercise: true
---
[[journal/_daily/0011-01-31|Yesterday]] <-> [[journal/daily/0011-02-02|Tomorrow]]
[[Invalid date|Weekly summary]]
### Journal
#### Morning thoughts

I wonder if it is endurance sport and I will get used to it, but I can physically feel how I am trying to keep everything organized in my head.
Observation however remains the same - computer work and work in itself is taking the top priority so far. 
My assumption is that I just do not know where to start and what to do. I do not want anyone telling me what to do, and at the same time I want to be successful. 
I do not know when that time is. If i start day with morning movement, coffee and writing. Roll into office between 8 - 9 am after a 30 - 45 minute walk. 
Finish day after 5pm and walk hope to get straight into cooking dinner. 
Maybe that - maybe dinner time needs to be pushed. 
Or maybe you do not need to workout everyday and you can alternate with Rachel who cooks?

Ideally when would be a time to workout?
7-9 am or 3-4 pm. That just cuts straight into a work hours. 
But maybe it is okay. I think it is sweat and shower that kinda takes over. 
7 - 9 am seems doable, but it almost needs to be outside home and then starting workday at 9 am is not really doable... 
Something has to give. 

What was going yesterday at work. 
Lots of tension. 
Ben seems to be not hitting a good stride. His professionalism and ownership seems to have dropped. If we are really looking to build a good team, we may need to be looking into other candidates. 

- [ ] Find meetups and networking groups to get involved with to expand my network and find potential people #aiste
- [ ] Training Okta #my #aiste
- [ ] Training Google Workspace Space #my #aiste
- [ ] Training Snowflake #my #aiste

My day just has to start earlier and with a workout if I care about my body. Are there people actually working out late at night and not messing with their sleep? 

- [ ] Develop SBoard strategy #aiste #sboard 

#### End of day thoughts

Christina & Tim dropped him. 

-----
### Tasks 

#### Routine

- [x] [[Wake up movement]] #health #daily
- [ ] Workout #health #daily
- [ ] Read - Back health #health #2024Q1-A1 #daily
- [ ] Write - an opinion on an article #2024Q1-B2 #daily
- [ ] 52Frames photo project #photography #2024Q1-C1 #daily

#### Today's tasks

- [x] ‼️ VTA communication
- [ ] !! Workout plan