---
wake up: 2024-01-18T06:30:00
gym: 
sleep: "7"
pain a.m.: 7
pain p.m.: 
week: "[[2024-W01]]"
Back Exercise:
---
[[journal/_daily/0011-01-31|Yesterday]] <-> [[journal/daily/0011-02-02|Tomorrow]]
[[Invalid date|Weekly summary]]
### Journal
#### Morning thoughts
Taking it very slow this morning. 
Dark room. Candle light. Classical music. Cup of tea. Many many thoughts. 

It is warm and cozy at home. It is not a perfect picture, it's messy, it has clutter and dust. 
But it is home. 

I have this desire and energy to do much, but all the rushing thoughts and not knowing where to start it just places me into a place of scrolling... or procrastination. 

**11:12 AM** 7 minutes to write

Focus. Single point of attention. 
Where do you feel lost? Why does work take priority? Why do you feel frozen to make a move? Is it that your want does not match what you actually want? 
What do you think will make you happier? What things would you like to be going through right now? 

Do you want to be building a house? Do you want to be negotiating at the bank? Do you want to be selling your idea on the stage? 
What other options are there? 

Quiet - pretend to be important and cross your fingers life seems to be frustrating you. 

You want big salary for the work that you are currently doing. You think you deserve it. Do you still feel insecure? 

Back pain is certainly a trigger point. Feel of hopelessness and helplessness makes me feel broken, stiff, immobile, boring. It does not match the image of high energy, always on the go person. But I am not - alway on the go person - I liked my time at the movie theatre. Slow. Quiet. *what movies are they showing today?*

Yes, I was about to go and browse internet. 
I am like labradoodle anything new and my attention is there. 

But I know I can control it. I just choose not to. I am sure I can make myself go to the gym I just choose not to, because it is easier. It is "less risky". I can eat more structured, but it is inertia and running away from ... **work**. and I do not mean MY tasks, I mean work. Work that would take me some direction. 

I like when Abby visits. Cause then I do not need excuse why I am doing nothing. Why I continue live with same frustrations. The familiarity - the knowns. I am scared of unknowns. With interaction with new people. I cannot think of motivation to meet new people, to experience uncomfortable, to go through 5 get together's to go through unknowns. *hmmm... did not consider that friendships could engineered, maybe? 5 hangouts?* 

Time is up. Where am I at. 
Another thought about whiskey or beer. 
Another bottle of non-alcoholic Corona. 

-Yes, we like it. we like the refreshing taste. 

If I do not move, maybe world is also standing still? 
World standing still.





#### End of day thoughts


-----
### Tasks 

#### Today's tasks
