---
wake up: 2024-01-10T06:40:00
movement: 
gym: 
sleep: "7.5"
pain a.m.: 4
pain p.m.: 
week: "[[2024-W01]]"
Back Exercise:
---
[[journal/_daily/0011-01-31|Yesterday]] <-> [[journal/daily/0011-02-02|Tomorrow]]
[[Invalid date|Weekly summary]]
### Journal
#### Morning thoughts

**7:31 AM**
There are those evenings where I choose to read in bed versus watching trash tv or british tv all night long. 
Sleep is better. Energy in the morning is better. 
My morning scrolls are more intentional. 
Figure out how we can start the process to [[apply for Australia]]

I am still convinced we need another source of income. 

**8:03 AM** 
I am easily distracted until I focus. I know how to create focus. 
My work style is very much gather, gather, gather - organize and then deep dive. 

I just signed up for chat GPT4. 
It is time I start utilizing that to speed up all the outcomes. Mostly it is for improving my writing and receiving feedback

**9:40**
I was thinking about our security & privacy program and again I am concluding I am taking on too much. Instead of letting them drive it and me just executing tasks, I am trying to drive it and actually just roadblocking it.
We need to talk to Fred about it next week
- [ ] Talk to Fred about responsibilities on Privacy & Security policy #aiste #my #illuminati #meeting

#### End of day thoughts




-----
### Tasks 

#### Routine

- [ ] [[Wake up movement]] #health #daily
- [ ] Workout #health #daily 
- [ ] Read #health #2024Q1-A1 #daily

#### Today's tasks

- [ ] Finish Back book
- [ ] Take photos of clothes in the storage
- [ ] Finish website for sboard 
- [ ] Read through 
- [ ] that small group pilates on Georgia street