---
wake up: 2027-01-17T06:00:00
gym: 
sleep: 
pain a.m.: 
pain p.m.: 
week: "[[2024-W02]]"
Back Exercise: true
---
[[journal/_daily/0011-01-31|Yesterday]] <-> [[journal/daily/0011-02-02|Tomorrow]]
[[Invalid date|Weekly summary]]
### Journal
#### Morning thoughts
Nice evening yesterday. I really need recognize these moments that I crave. Space to experience things by myself. To think to process. Just to be. 
Still very big struggle of not reaching for wine or beer. But doing with non-alcoholic options. I feel I cannot disappoint Rachel on this one, so taking one day at a time. 
This one day at a time is gaining new meaning and I am sure there is more than on to it. 

*3 PM thoughts*
Back to my desk finally. Trying to pull together thoughts on what I want to get done. Part of me really thought I will have energy and time left to work on some of my personal projects / ideas, but probably not today. 

I had 5 hours of meetings which did not feel exhausted. Felt productive. 
- I am glad I have Skyler as eyes into teams temperature, pace and process. He is good communicator. He pointed out into *Erick's* stress level and how we are making decision based on *deadline* vs good implementation. That lead into conversations with Mai, Erick & Ben. The division of work and resolution towards the better solution. 
- Ben seems in a good and focused energy. I wonder if lesson here is to have lots of items on his backlog. I should probably need to make sure that I give him some breathing room from time to time. 
- Broke to Vlad that we are bringing senior resources to do his work. I was expecting a bit more acute reaction, but I guess the number of follow up questions - when, for how long and at what capacity - was a proper way to go about it. I personally cannot wait to see an objective / experienced eyes to approve / disapproved of our feelings towards the velocity of his work.

**Alright for the next 2 hours I wanna dive into Obsidian documentation and see what we have to clear there.**

#### End of day thoughts


-----
#### Today's tasks
- [ ] PechaKucha's
- [ ] Connect QOAD to Slack
- [ ] Read through Obsidian documentation