---
wake up: 2024-03-21T06:00:00
pain: "1"
pain log: I am assessing it of how it was to sleep and how I get out of bed. And today lateral pain was minimum. Still existing but minimum. Maybe feeling a bit stiff in lower back and not confident in bending, but pain has subsided significantly.
week: 
Back Exercise:
---
#### Thoughts

I would consider yesterday *a good day*. 
Felt productive, some interesting, some boring work. 
Some introspection, some creative. 
Healthy social interaction with strangers. 
Workout was challenging but doable and ended at the point where I was about to check my watch. 
No drinks, but mentally tired at the end of the day. 
Walk with Brodie and night before bed, clocking in those 8,000 steps. 
Read 2 chapters of surfacing.

What really stood out yesterday? 

- Conversation with Skyler. I left feeling calmer. Re-assured. Heard. Clearer on our partnership. 
- Connecting with Shelley and setting up therapy appointment for next week. I am hoping she will be able to challenge me. It blows my mind that even mentioning grandma out loud I get incredibly teary. 
- Community Connection Hour with IDEOU course. It was only 4 of us + TA. TA was not great, but it was good to be brave and work through exercises and receive feedback. *Your words does not reveal the energy behind your intention.*

==Today?== 

What is the intention for today. Have such a good day like yesterday. 
Hoping for an ability to have a bit more focused / deep work time. 

I would love to make significant progress agains my P&S strategy. 
But ultimately I would like to approach everything with calm, peace, stability. 

My tummy is not feeling happiest lately. Definitely more of the irritated bowel going on. I am sure it is all to do with beer, wine, coca-cola... 


-----
### Tasks 

## Weekly Projects 

- 6-Pager for Privacy + Security strategy + goals + milestones
- 2x IDEO U Assignments
- 6-Pager for Engineering team strategy + goals + milestones
- 6-Pager on Director of Engineering role
- 6-Pager for Sounding Board strategy + goals + milestones
- 52Frames photography: Reflection + Road + *this week's task*

- 1/3x gym sessions
- 2x 30 min cardio workouts
- 1/7x 3 Big Back Exercises
- 1x Cold water dunk

## Today's Projects

- ~~Finish reading through Shelley's consent~~
- ~~Read through Mobile suggestions by Mai~~
- ~~Read through Ben's suggestions on Separation~~
- Approve Carin's writing
- Approve Windy's writing
- Think about this writing exercise....
- Production
	- ~~Retest authentication: admin, client, provider, vendor_representative~~
	- ~~Retest onboarding~~
		- ~~Flow~~
		- Fix map
	- Try to delete clients again
- Finish access that Alan asked for: 30 minutes
- Personal Budget

- ~~1/1 Carin~~
- ~~1/1 Ben~~
- ~~1/1 Erick~~


- Workout

- IDEO U Assignments & Homework - 2 hours
- IDEO U Review this weeks lesson even if without accomplishment

- Share with Joe draft Privacy + Security strategy + goals + milestones 4 hours. 
- Draw IaC roadmap - 30 - 60 minutes?

- Organize Bathroom drawers - 20 minutes

##### New ideas
* 5-6 hour course on SAML: https://owaspsamm.thinkific.com/courses/take/samm/lessons/46847522-welcome-to-samm-fundamentals
* Read through Terry Report to understand it
