---
wake up: 2024-02-15T06:10:00
gym: 
sleep: 
pain a.m.: 
pain p.m.: 
week: "[[2024-W07]]"
Back Exercise:
---
#### Thoughts

I contemplated yesterday on the question of why I feel so overwhelmed. And I think I arrived to conclusion that I overcomplicate existing situation. Maybe that makes me feel important, maybe it gives me a feeling of not wasting my time. Whatever it is, point being that the state I am in is not serving me well at the moment. 

#1. I need faster resolutions on problems.
#2. And quicker decision making - sometimes it will be just my call and sometimes I will make mistakes. 

I am concerned that I am so reliant on Skyler's input. Why he is better than Vlad? It bother me, that I doubt Ben's calls. What do I need to be certain of my approval's or *stop and think* suggestions. What questions I should be asking? 


Current situation with DevOps team and Vlad. Neither of situation is wrong, but what are my options:

#### Option 1. 
Marc + Vlad + Skyler
Remove Vlad after work is done.

#### Option 2.
Marc + Skyler
Add Matt when timely

#### Option 3. 
Marc + Skyler
Replace Vlad with Matt

I am eliminating option 1. Why? This is unethical. Have you decided to get rid of Vlad? Is that your final decision? Yes? Why? Do you want to give him another chance? Why? What really bothers you so much about him? I need to replace him for the team sake. I need a different attitude. Are you scared that with new attitude there will be speed that you cannot handle and control?

I still feel I need to understand all that is happening and how one piece connects to another one. 
It is important for me to stay informed, but I am still doing tasks slowly that does not enable me to get informed. **How do I want this to look like now?** **How do I want this to look going forward?** What are my responsibilities? What are my deliverables? What do I want to have *gold star* for?

Make a proposal to go with Option 3. 

What are we left for?

```d2
Skyler -> Science portal
Skyler -> Infra
Ben -> MYnd
Ben -> MYhi
Erick -> MYhi
Erick -> Mobile APIs
Carin -> MYnd
Carin -> Science Portal
Carin -> DBT

Nacho -> Snowflake
Nacho -> DBT
Windy -> 
Sagan -> LLM
```

|Task|Estimate|
|--|--|
| Switch to AWS Identity Center | 1 day |
| Optional: Use IaC for AWS Identity Center| 3 days |
| Dev Environment | 10 - 15 days | 
| Snowflake Pipeline | 5 - 15 days | 
| Staging Environment | 1 - 3 days | 
| Optional: Integration Tests | 4 - 10 days | 
| Prod Environment | 2 days | 
| Migration process | 10 days | 
| Migrate to the new Prod environment | 1 day |

Total: 37 - 60 days (2 months +/-)





#### Questions:
##### Out of Scope
- address some out of scope items (is it out of scope just from the documentation or from the estimations to?)
- what would be expectation of those items moving forward?
- VPN situation - 
- Disaster recovery procedure (for a fact or guess?)
- Recommended size of a team on such project (?)


##### Best Practices Gaps
- Environments are not ephemeral? 
- Snowflake is outside the environments	- 
- Observability (?)

##### Other
Pulumi vs. Terraform - how much of Pulumi we have? 





Questions:
- [ ] What is total amount for the project time & $$$ wise
- [ ] What are the unknowns?
- [ ] What questions should we ask right now?
	- do we have access and control
- [ ] Is Matt still interested? When Matt can start?









-----
### Tasks 
