---
wake up: 2024-03-20T06:15:00
pain: "2"
pain log: Sleeping was good. Left side pinched at least once when in bed. Leaning forward to tie shoes, put dogs collar or unload dishwasher hurts. Maybe that is just morning before everything gets activated.. We will see how Pilates goes today.
week: 2024-W12
Back Exercise:
---
#### Thoughts

I stayed at District after work yesterday. With pen and paper. With 3 pints of beer and 2.5 hours of just thinking. Organizing my thoughts in my head. From task list it seems that I made no progress yesterday, but it is not true. I took lots of notes. I like that. I like deep work. It makes me feel good. It calms me down. I feel productive. It would be good to get an artifact out of it, but lets start with questions and answers that we get. 

Gonna have an interview call with Annie's therapist today. I was already strategizing on what questions to ask, what matters to me. Well no, actually I was not thinking about that at all. More than anything I was thinking what she may ask me and what my answer would be. If she asks me what I aim to achieve with therapy sessions would I want to talk about drinking, about grief, about guilt, about imposter feeling, about fear of moving through, about fear of getting old about life having no purpose?

I have a day full of 1-on-1 meetings. 
I am not sure I am enjoying them lately. 
I may take next week off all the 1-on-1s to reset them for April. 

Okay so what did I arrive with from *yesterday*:

**My goal at MY is to:** 
- Focus on engineering team
- Aligning team to organizational goals
- Take risks & win
- Take risks & fail 
- Recover fast
- Grow people

*Valid ^^. But how do I measure those? TODO: **reflect***


I am pretty big on 37Signals and their philosophy: *simplicity, transparency, clarity*



-----
### Tasks 

## Weekly Projects 

- 6-Pager for Privacy + Security strategy + goals + milestones
- 2x IDEO U Assignments
- 6-Pager for Engineering team strategy + goals + milestones
- 6-Pager on Director of Engineering role
- 6-Pager for Sounding Board strategy + goals + milestones
- 52Frames photography: Reflection + Road + *this week's task*

- 1/3x gym sessions
- 2x 30 min cardio workouts
- 7x 3 Big Back Exercises
- 1x Cold water dunk

## Today's Projects

- Production
	- Retest authentication
	- Retest onboarding
	- Try to delete clients again
- ~~Google Maps API Restrictions - no restrictions.~~
- Finish access that Alan asked for: 30 minutes
- ~~1/1 Skyler - alignment / focus~~
- ~~1/1 Mai - projects? Thoughts from last weeks conversations.~~ 
- ~~1/1 Ravneet - testing?~~

- ~~Pilates~~
- ~~Call Interview~~

- IDEO U Assignments & Homework - 2 hours
- IDEO U Review this weeks lesson even if without accomplishment

- Share with Joe draft Privacy + Security strategy + goals + milestones 4 hours. 
- Draw IaC roadmap - 30 - 60 minutes?

- Organize Bathroom drawers - 20 minutes

##### New ideas
* 5-6 hour course on SAML: https://owaspsamm.thinkific.com/courses/take/samm/lessons/46847522-welcome-to-samm-fundamentals
* Read through Terry Report to understand it