---
wake up: 2024-02-07T06:15:00
gym: 
sleep: 
pain a.m.: 6
pain p.m.: 
week: "[[2024-W06]]"
Back Exercise:
---
#### Thoughts

Capacity. 
Body feels in a "regular" pain at this point again. 
Why did weekend felt better? I was attributing it to the Saturday morning movement. Was I wrong? 
I avoided prolonged sitting at the couch. Did all the core exercises - causing it? 
How shall I track it. 

I want another 3 days without social media or a tv. 
Testing a theory that I will have time to finish a book, read through my "newsletters" and get my steps in a day. 

Reading this morning - an interesting thought came in and at this point left me. 
I ran away from it. I have so much pleasure doing this. Diving in and out of my conscious, creating and organizing the world in my head, throwing random thoughts on this board that I am trying to set up everything perfectly around me. 

After an easy *soft* launch of Sounding Board I have a feeling of easiness of kicking off things. I want to ride the momentum. 

Between launching Sounding Board, dreaming of free and enjoyable move to Australia, thinking of materialistic things that I want - i am starting to roll back on the thoughts of freelancing. Oh right it is also because it is a 4th full day that I am building the documentation website... It's the frustration of making things work, having joy of building something, and learning the magic and limitations of technology. 

Why does Skyler have time to learn and experiment and I do not? 

Staying away from distractions. Staying focused on what matters. 

Yesterday's VTA meeting was interesting. I love observing that group of people. Strong individuals. Processes, leadership, volunteering. JR seemed to worked so diligently to put forward proposal, for Joel to struggle to approve it and for Jeff to step in to propose not to do anything as he saw Joel's struggle. 

Meeting emphasized my lack of understanding and need to ask for help. It improved my understanding of the system and my responsibilities. What did Jeff say? You will find your passion. I probably want to step up a bit of my female game situation? 

It's a community? I struggle for not having an ambition to grow. What is our goal then? What is my goal with this organization then? When can I be back & feel strong and joyous on the court again? 

It's time to kick off the day. But I will be back. 

-----
### Tasks 

- Finance + Budget // 1.5 hour
- Newsletters // 2 hours
- Organize Obsidian tasks // 1 hour
- Find the source of passing income // 2 hours
- Launch that source of passing income // 4 hours
- Form to fill #vta
- Mind & Body requirements + proposal #vta