---
wake up: 2024-03-18T06:30:00
pain: "2"
pain log: Waking up in the morning after a few bed stretches and cracks, I am able to curl up to sit up. Still getting a shot of pain during night when I am on the left side and trying to push back. It hurts to bend over and tie shoe. It also hurts to put leg into pants when standing, but feels better than weeks before.
week: 2024-W12
Back Exercise:
---
#### Morning Thoughts

Happy birthday, grandma! I miss you everyday. Thanks even for a distant visit last night. What did you say you wanted to do? Go watch some voodoo movie together? Why where you alone, drinking coffee across the street? Why you did not come in. It is so odd to sleep and feel guilt, and wake up in the morning knowing that one can do nothing about it... I cannot even write this in Lithuanian. Just too hard. Even now the tears are running down my cheeks. Grief. It is okay to feel that way. It is okay. 

I miss you. Miss you everyday. I wanna share with you the joys of hanging out with Abby, you'd love her sooo much. We are all good. We are happy. You should be happy too. You raised wonderful kids and grandkids. You did your best and we all remember you, each and every day. 

It is a beautiful day here in Vancouver. 
Sunny, warm spring day. Refreshing weather. Calm sunshine. Loud birds and a little lap dog next to me. Who like me, loves continuously be touched. 

I got a hug from Abby yesterday. One big hug. Dang that little cutie. And we laughed together. I know she knows who I am. I know she feels safe with me. Just beautiful, beautiful family relationship. I fucking love it. We are lucky. And we all appreciate it. 

So why do you drink so much? 
It is not about boredom anymore. It really is not. You have more going on, more drive, more passion. You notice how your attention drops when you drink. You feel tired and blank when you drink. You pull away into your own thoughts. Why? What is going on here. 
Can we please try, to figure it out. My world is beautiful, and while drinks are delicious and that cozy soft space on being tipsy is very tempting. 

Aiste - if you choose to live. I will need you to choose you. I will need you to choose health, clarity and brave. I will need you to live the life, to create opportunities for others. To help some plains to take off. 

Question - How can I step a side and let team perform while still creating value and providing support to maintain respect from the team. 

#### Evening Thoughts

-----
## Weekly Projects 

- 6-Pager for Engineering team strategy + goals + milestones
- 6-Pager for Privacy + Security strategy + goals + milestones
- 6-Pager on Director of Engineering role
- 6-Pager for Sounding Board strategy + goals + milestones
- 52Frames photography: Reflection + Road + *this week's task*
- IDEO U Assignments
- 1/3x gym sessions
- 2x 30 min cardio workouts
- 7x 3Big Back Exercises
- 1x Cold water dunk

## Today's Projects
- Presentation for Illuminati about the VIPSS
	- Privacy by design
	- AI vs AI
	- Most Left
- Gym Session
- Draft Privacy + Security strategy + goals + milestones 
- Review Web Application 