---
wake up: 2024-03-22T07:45:00
pain: "3"
pain log: Too much time on the living room couch yesterday. Hit 8,000 steps but did no exercises as my body was very tired.
week: 2024-W12
Back Exercise:
---
#### Thoughts

What does it mean to be adult? 
It's about Keeping bathroom & kitchen clean. 
Rooms tidy. Apartment smelling nice. 
Clothes, shoes and personal hygiene at the highest level. 
It's about working out, eating healthy and drinking only social. 

My parents are adults, even Vil & Taryn feel more adults.. 

I think I am still struggling with two worlds "back home" and "here and now". 

Had really good conversations with both Ben & Erick yesterday. 
When it feels like beginning it all feels easy. It's supervision that what is challenging. 

I had a few moments of flare up and frustration yesterday, that I consciously decided to give space and calm down. There is no need for me to feel that I need to be in control and in the know of it all. Micromanaging gets things done, but it is hard to scale. 

Yesterday was after work, after picking up Matt from procedure I just hit the wall. I needed sleep. I was tired. Maybe coca-cola affects me this way. 7 am Pilates tomorrow and I prefer today to be as happy and productive as Monday and Tuesday or Wednesday was. With focus and intention. 

Also I am not going to do work after work or on the weekend. I want that time focused exclusively for fun, side hustle and home, reflection and recharge. 

Today - calm, steady and focused. All is good


-----
### Tasks 

## Weekly Projects 

- ➡️ 6-Pager for Privacy + Security strategy + goals + milestones
- 2x IDEO U Assignments
- 6-Pager for Engineering team strategy + goals + milestones
- 6-Pager on Director of Engineering role
- 6-Pager for Sounding Board strategy + goals + milestones
- 52Frames photography: Reflection + Road + *this week's task*

- 2/3x gym sessions
- 2x 30 min cardio workouts
- 1/7x 3 Big Back Exercises
- 1x Cold water dunk

## Today's Projects

- ~~Share with Joe, Gene, Al & Haiyan draft Privacy + Security strategy~~
- Gap Assessment: 
	- HIPAA, 
	- NIST CSF, 
	- Privacy by Design
- Approve Carin's writing
- Approve Windy's writing
- Think about this writing exercise....
- Production
	- ~~What is that Authentication Lock error?~~
	- Fix map
	- Try to delete clients again
- Finish access that Alan asked for: 30 minutes
- Personal Budget

- ~~Leadership meeting~~
- ~~Windy~~
- Mobile meeting

- Workout

- IDEO U Assignments & Homework - 2 hours
- IDEO U Review this weeks lesson even if without accomplishment

- 
- Draw IaC roadmap - 30 - 60 minutes?

- Organize Bathroom drawers - 20 minutes

##### New ideas
* 5-6 hour course on SAML: https://owaspsamm.thinkific.com/courses/take/samm/lessons/46847522-welcome-to-samm-fundamentals
* Read through Terry Report to understand it

