---
wake up: 2024-02-21T06:10:00
pain a.m.: 4.5
pain log: 
week: "[[2024-W08]]"
Back Exercise: false
---
#### Thoughts

One can trip and fall. But it is how quick you can get up and start moving again. 
I know. The knowledge will not go away. When you know you know and there is no going back. 
But it is like living with a chronic pain, you will need to adapts, find ways to do things differently, try not to trigger it, develop system. 

Get busy? For the sake of being busy. Yeah, probably. And it's okay. Maybe in busy you can find solitude and flow. 
Get organized, dress well, exercise, read, learn, share, elevate. 


Comment: Governance, Risk, Strategy

#### Thinking team growth

Had a bit of conversation with Tom yesterday about - how long is it good to be in a single organization. There's a caveat that it depends how you are growing, however interesting point being - do not be blocker for other people's growth. Do not get complacent. If there is no one to challenge you, if there' something that you feel uncomfortable about, it's time to move on. 

Are there roles where this is okay?
Who else should check in on that?


Workshops:
- Divide an elephant
- Instruct to make peanut butter and jam

Everyone by default:
- Writing skills
- Presentation skills
- Project management skills

Leadership:
- Conflict resolution
- Managing up, down and side to side
- Ability to connect multiple topics & find parallels
- Ability to zoom in and zoom out
- Ability to communicate effectively


I am making choices for people again. 
What if we set expectations? How do you create that system for expectations.  

-----
### Tasks

- [x] Submit VTA Application
- Get Access Review results
	- [x] Validate vendors
	- [x] Validate Access
	- [x] Confirm with Vlad - AWS, VPN, Sophos
	- [x] Confirm with Haiyan
- Tech Roadmap
	- [x] Confirm with Skyler
	- [x] Confirm with Ben
	- [ ] Confirm against JIRA
- Mobile Project
- [x] Fix Access
- Read through policy to present


- Okta Certification (?)
- Duo Reading
 
