---
wake up: 2024-01-29T06:10:00
gym: 
sleep: "6"
pain a.m.: 4
pain p.m.: 
week: "[[2024-W05]]"
Back Exercise:
---
#### Thoughts

I am excited I have energy, I am very me. 
I want to do things, I have ideas, but execution is continuously an issue. It's almost like I hate technology... there is always something lacking, something broke, something misconfigured. It is never as easy as just running a command and things working out. 

I need to slow down. I need to get clear what I want. 

*MY Knowledge Platform | MY Wiki*

We want to write documentation in markdown language. ✅
I should be able to generate a static site for it with things linking properly

I should be able to publish it into AWS behind the VPN wall
I should be able to generate pages for review on PRs


**1:18PM**

Physio was excellent. Feel like a ton of weight was unloaded off my lower back. 
Now I need to build up on it. I should go through each of my joints, muscles and patters. Figure out their ROM and muscle strength as well as development and needed stimuli.

**3:27PM** 

Finished Kobalt.io - Security & Privacy meeting and coming out deflated and angry with little to no motivation. 
Very unsatisfying. Still have 2-3 hours of work to do, but do not even know where to start. 

Gonna try to disconnect from that thought and communication and engage in something more productive.

-----
### Tasks 

- [x] Under 2,000 calories today
- [x] Walk 10,000 steps
- 30 minutes cardio
- [x] 3 Big Exercises
- Human interaction

### MY Tasks
